=== STAGE 6: THE BLACK GATE ===

Aragorn's forces march to the doors of Mordor. But the Gate will test them.
Saurons's Eye watches without ceasing. Any guard who falls silent draws
the Enemy's full attention. Any scout unprepared to answer commands
weakens the wall.

Your container army at Minas Tirith now needs two defenses:
A cold corpse does not fight. Through a liveness probe, Kubernetes
checks "is this Pod alive?" — if not, restarts it automatically.
A recruit not yet ready does not charge into battle without equipment.
Readiness probes ask "can you take traffic?" — if not, the Pod is
removed from service endpoints.

And when Black Gate cracks and more wargs swarm Western Plains,
you need HPA's auto-reinforcements: when CPU fills, reinforcements arrive.

Now Aragorn must reveal his true strategy. He configures:'
- Liveness probes — keep the firewall of Gondor living.
- Readiness probes — stop pods from sending traffic errors.

Create a Deployment with liveness and readiness Probes. Set resource
requests and limits. Add HPA to scale when mocked loads occur.

OBJECTIVE:

To fortify against corruption and death, a Pod must be configured with
resource consumption boundaries and a check for vital signs and response.

REQUIRED SETUP:

Namespace: 'black-door'       (create this now)

Defensive Pod ("deployment-line"):
    Image: nginx
    CPU limit: 500m / Request: 100m
    Memory limit: 128Mi / Request: 32Mi
    
Probes for pod:
  liveness: httpGet path /health  port 8080 period 5s
  readiness: httpGet path /ready port 8080 period 3s

And add HPA:
- Name: line-reinforcements
- Target: Deployment 'deployment-line'
- Min: 1
- Max: 5
- CPU Thresh: 60%

TESTING IT:
Run a NGINX pod with liveness and readiness checks.
Then kill it to make sure liveness works. Add more to see if HPA starts.
All tests pass — the ladyen Pod with specs survives.

GUIDE:
inspect a list of probes: kubectl get deploy/deploy-line -n black-door -o jsonpath='{.spec.template.spec.containers[0]}'
- It should show, at least, "livenessProbe" and "readinessProbe" entries.
- Check the HPA YAML for scaleTargetRef and minReplica and maxReplica values.

COMMANDS EXAMPLE:
- kubectl create ns black-door
- kubectl create deployment defense-line --image=nginx -n black-door --dry-run=client -o yaml | kubectl apply -f -
- then patch it to add resources and probes.

When tests pass with resilience scored — logs of successful liveliness and readiness probes, and HPA standing ready to scale — call 'check_black_gate' to seal the gap.
